first arrest competition we underlined minimum price not only a
parade
everything so that people sources to know the race
and this year in it came when I cavallo the senate as to
as much as to miss what would be conformation and dance
functionality for testing
shows that the PSOE defends him
flags bay and there starts looking I find out that the race
who exactly what he did rescue the Indian horse
what is this and what constitutes the race that is of this tax and from that when
I see that there is a ray with registration my idea was always to have street they are registering
ces
from that
p finds living now buy infraero from brazil first cavalcade
united states or rivera group
and good and today we are here presenting and the race was more quantity
present also the race because there was no Argentina in rural society
argentina so
We were gathered here and in the entities at the same time presenting now
in which massa will soon begin to reach the prosperous in the year 2000
first came to import their already pregnant
they issued 3 nothing
and from that I started with the Quillo pups that embryo transplant in Brazil
and cold meats to pandemia that were born in Paraguay
others even where you are showing hear many of them are born in
paraguay nara
the different Argentina will represent race are also Paraguayan national
everything has tried that the image is that she goes go it is going to be that they leave you
a little outside
with everything when an animal where you currently have in your establishment
i will have some p
27 28 a need
they would be doing other people's tests or demonstrations during the
Expo with these animals
that and what we have is publicly Saturday so much of the season that
come we have on the track of the
the background everything that is very eye-catching functionality test the eye because
people like a lot voter stops him is that first I have horses or
keep your activity gentle
gentle mount percent
well there you can do what you want rabanne
shoot
for many modalities the race can serve you
so they are going to reach the bicampeonato the rally race is going to arrive a bit
and who appreciates colo colo and who have